Chapter 6

690words

Bingcheng HU

516021910219



# The Global Business Environment: What Engineers Should Know

##CASE STUDY ONE—WHEN BUSINESS AND POLITICS COLLIDE: THE CASE OF TOSHIBA MACHINE TOOLS

The Toshiba Machine Tools case continues to introduce readers to these broader contexts, speciﬁcally, those of business and politics.

 Toshiba Machine was to provide the hardware and Kongsberg the controllers for the 9-axis machines, with Toshiba Machine supplying its own controllers for the others. The total value of the contract was $17 million

A “disgruntled” employee and Moscow manager of Wako Koeki at the time of the sale, wrote a “whistle-blowing” letter to the chairperson of CoCom 

His letter included copies of all the secret contracts and an inch-thick technical attachment of engi- neering drawings” 

On Jul. 1, the president of Toshiba Corporation, and Shoichi Saba, its chairman, both resigned 

 Estimates placed costs associated with the United States regaining the technological edge it had lost to the Soviet Union due to the sales of these technologies at 558-4- billion 

To the Japanese, the US re- sponse ignored widespread violations of export regulations by countries other than Japan.

##THE NATURE OF BUSINESS

Business exists to produce and develop goods and services for exchange, ex- changing these for other goods, services, and money. 

Investors are interested in proﬁts. The question then arises concerning the extent to which ethical considerations should limit the pursuit of proﬁts.

 If only corporations should be held responsible, then this undermines moral jus- tifications for laws punishing corporate managers and other forms of ethical judgments. 

Typical stakeholders would include em- ployees, suppliers, customers, governments, local communities, and so on.

## ETHICAL PRINCIPLES FOR BUSINESS: THEIR DIFFERENCES FROM ENGINEERING ETHICS

Those ethical principles that apply in everyday life should also apply in the realm of business, with the addition of special role-related obligations: 

1. for managers, the primary role is based on the relation between superior and subordinate; 
2. a position of authority creates special obligations on behalf of the organization. 
3. a position of subordination creates special- although different—duties for employees. 

## Global Engineering Ethics Principles Reviewed

You can check FULL TABLE [here](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/B9780128112182099963)

- BASIC ETHICAL PRINCIPLES FOR GLOBAL ENGINEERING
- ORGANIZATIONAL ETHICAL PRINCIPLES
- ETHICAL PRINCIPLES FOR EMPLOYEES
- PRINCIPLES OF INVOLVEMENT FOR ENGINEERS
- RIGHTS OF ENGINEERS AS EMPLOYEES

As the case of Ford and Firestone/Bridgestone, as the engineering and business environment becomes more international and cross-cultural, a broad but generally accepted page principle is needed.



##ENGINEERING IN THE CONTEXT OF BUSINESS

Businesses are hierarchical organizations. This is an important feature of their structures.

In many cultures and societies, people are raised to defer to the wishes of their elders, thereby tending to obey perceived authority. 

Engineers should learn how to anticipate and appropriately evaluate costs and beneﬁts associated with obedience to hierarchical authority versus exercise of professional autonomy, which will likely be required of them in their working lives as practicing engineers. 

##BUSINESS AND ENGINEERING ETHICS: POINTS OF CONVERGENCE RATHER THAN CONFLICT

Overlap exists between engineering and business ethics.

1. since neither set of principles are applied independently of speciﬁc sets of circumstances and particular contexts—including those of culture and society—neither set of principles should be considered independently from the contexts in which they are applied. 
2. although business and engineering ethics share common concerns- such as honesty and legality—to a signiﬁcant extent, they deal with different domains and associated issues. 
3. different forms of applied ethics relate to each other. The prin- ciples of engineering ethics are derived from the nature of engineering itself.



##POTENTIALS FOR CONFLICTING DUTIES: POINTS OF CONFLICT RATHER THAN CONVERGENCE

The bases for making decisions in these two domains are different: decisions in business are based primarily on proﬁts, whereas decisions in engineering are based primarily on the implementation of technologies. 

On the one hand, from a corporate point of view, the satisfaction of investors and customers is primary. On the other hand, from an engineering point of view, the safety of the public as a whole is primary. In working for corporations, resolving the issue of which parties have priority can become a moral dilemma for engineers.

##CASE STUDY TWO —VOLKSWAGEN, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS, AND THE ENVIRONMENT

Check *Case-study homework #3 Volkswagen Case*



