**Name:** Bingcheng

**ID:** 516021910219

### Q1

1. Should Wang take care of his parents?

   If he don't take care of his parents, they will live a hard life because they can not take care of themselves.

2. Should Wang restart to design absolutely new units but can not be ready on time?

   This is very important for people who will buy this unit. 

3. Should Wang report that some units could cause overheating to Lu?

   If Wang don't, his master will not know.

4. Should Lu tell Wang that they don't have enough time?

   This will cause a big stress to Wang.

5. Should Lu tell Wang that Kitten is in some "financial difficulties" confidentially?

   This may be secret of the company.

6. Should Kitten sell the units with safety hazards then recall them later?

   Again, it's connected to users.

7. Should the customer be informed of the safety hazard before purchasing these devices?

### Q2 

- "*Should Kitten sell the units with safety hazards then recall them later*" is the most important one. 
- Though this may be one of the "most effective way" to solve the problem, but it take risks. If there exist one unit that to be used more than 2000 hours, it could possibly cause overheating and it may hurt customers. But Kitten is in some financial difficulties, if they don't sell these units, Kitten may go broke. "Damn if you do, damn if you don't".

### Q3

 facts:

1. His testing of the part shows that it will fail within the first 2000 hours of service in about one out of thousand units in which it is to be installed. - About 0.1 percent of units will "fail" with service within 2000 hours.
2. Kitten is in some financial difficulties. - Kittens have some "financial difficulties".
3. The most "cost effective" way to survive economic difficulties is sell these units with safety hazards then recall most of them. 
4. Before any problems arise, it's possible that most of the units with safety hazards will be recalled . 

### Q4

missing facts:

1. If Kitten doesn't sell these units, will the company go broke?
2. Is it responsible for Kitten to sell these units?
3. Will some problems arise before some of these unsafe units be recalled?
4. Will some customers being hurt by these units?

### Q5

potentially ambiguous terminology:

1. Responsible: keep customers safety.
2. Safe: will not cause "overheating" and unable to cause a fire.
3. Hurt: be burned by fire.
4. Fail: may cause "overheating" and may cause a fire.
5. Safety hazards: Same as "Fail"