Bingcheng

516021910219

1120 words

# c7

## CASE STUDY—BID-RIGGING IN JAPAN: AN ETHICAL OR CULTURAL ISSUE?

“Bid rigging” is when parties competing for a contract collude in secret to decide the winner.

### Background in Japan

1. In Japan, bid rigging is called dangō, a combination of the words for “discuss” and “meet.” Unlike its English equivalent, the term does not necessarily have a negative connotation: cooperative activities by firms in the same industries have often been encouraged in Japan. 
2. In 1947, Japan passed antimonopoly legislation. Since that time, bid rigging has become a common practice in the construction industry and in other situations involving government contracts.\
3. Amakudari—meaning “descent from heaven”—is another feature of the Japanese bureaucratic system relevant to bid rigging. In Japan, government of- ficials are required to retire at a relatively early age, after which time many take up positions in the industries they previously regulated, thereby securing additional income and generous retirement allowances.

### Cultural and Ethical Issues in Bid-Rigging

Bid rigging has the potential to affect public safety, so it has implications and consequences for engineering ethics.

1. One issue concerns the relations between bid rigging and Japanese values
   1. it can be asked whether a natural association exists between bid rigging and more general Japanese cultural values.89
2. A second issue concerns the relations between bid rigging and bribery
   1. It can be asked whether the implicit promise of a later job or political contributions constitute a form of bribery.
3. A third issue concerns the relations between bid rigging and competition
   1. some have claimed that processes of bid rigging and their connection to the government result in proj- ects that are unnecessary in the first place and, thus, unwarranted economic costs to society.
4. A final issue concerns the relation between bid rigging and cross-cultural
   contexts
   1. even if a particular society is willing to bear the costs associated with
      bid rigging for reasons related to overall social wellbeing, its relation to cross-
      cultural contexts is unclear.



### THE IMPORTANCE OF CULTURAL VALUES WITHIN ENGINEERING

With regard to the latter, it is important to recognize that local cultures can have significant impacts on engineering practices—especially in the con- text of business—and engineers should respect local customs and traditions.

### NORMATIVE ETHICAL RELATIVISM: IT'S ALL THE SAME

In encountering cultural tra- ditions at variance with their own, engineers should be prepared to decide the circumstances in which to respect these, and the circumstances in which to either refuse to go along with—or actively resist—prevailing cultural trends.

### THE NATURE OF VALUES AND CROSS-CULTURAL CONTEXTS

Given their deeply ingrained nature, people tend to overlook the central role that values play in decision-making processes.

A distinction can be made between individual and social values.One might judge the values of others—reflected in their actions—as wrong and seek to correct their seeming ignorance. 

Insofar as the value systems of some societies are closely aligned, situations of cultural misunderstandings are infrequent, although perhaps more problem- atic, since they are unexpected. 

At times, it can be difficult to determine the value framework underlying the words and actions of individuals from different cultures.

Values establish expectations regarding behaviors, which are reflected in the tra- ditions, customs, and manners of cultures, in turn establishing parameters of appro- priate behaviors. 

Values do not exist on their own or in the abstract.

###VALUES AND ETHICS: MORAL AND NONMORAL VALUES

Understanding the value structures of different cultures and their differences from one's own requires detailed acquaintance. 
it is important to remember that values occur in systems, and the places of individual values within hierarchies determine their roles in cultures
it is necessary to distinguish between nonmoral and moral cultural values. 
Since the authority of ethical directives is great, by associating cultural preferences with ethics, nonmoral cultural pref- erences can take on greater normative force within certain social contexts and are sometimes punished as severely.
Values tend to guide actions, and ethics helps to evaluate actions, although only certain types of actions.



### BASIC ETHICAL PRINCIPLES FOR GLOBAL ENGINEERING: RELATED TO CROSS-CULTURAL VALUES

1. Cultural Values and Ethics: Engineers Should Endeavor to Refuse to Participate in Engineering Activities That are Claimed to Reflect Cultural Practices But That Violate Basic Ethical Principles for Global Engineering
2. Nonmoral Cultural Values: Engineers Should Endeavor to Understand and Respect the Nonmoral Cultural Values of Those They Encounter in Fulfilling Their Engineering Duties

## SUMMARY

As engineering occurs in increasingly international and cross-cultural environments, engineers will likely encounter colleagues, customers, and members of the public whose values differ from their own. A failure to recognize this fact can lead to not only technical misunder- standings but also unethical behaviors. In addressing these differences, norma- tive ethical relativism is an unsatisfactory position















# C8

## Autonomy

### AUTONOMY IN ENGINEERING

As was discussed in relation to professionalism and businesses envi- ronments, autonomy is connected to ethical engineering: for the sake of public safety, at times, it might be necessary for engineers to exercise autonomy, based on their professional expertise. 

### AUTONOMY AS A CONCEPT

The notion of autonomy supposes characteristics regarding the nature of being human.

paternalism consists in acting like a par- ent: one person cares about another but does not think the other is capable of making good decisions or taking correct actions, because of the lack of either knowledge or ability

With the freedom to make one's own decisions comes the responsibility for the decisions one makes. 
Independence of judgment results from autonomous thought

### AUTONOMY AND ENGINEERS

One must show that arriving at the best decisions is more important in the sphere of engineering than in other fields.
Debates surrounding this issue center on the extent to which “correct” an- swers should count in the decision-making process. 
This ambiguity results from the fact that the professional client model does not neatly fit engineering, since most engineers are first and fore- most employees. 
In the tradition of professionalism, this advocacy has been framed primarily in terms of the professional-client relationship, where professionals make decisions for clients based on paternalistic motives
professions are occupational groups given an especially high degree of autonomy, since neither their knowledge nor their expertise is easily duplicated.

###PERSONAL AND POLITICAL VERSUS PROFESSIONAL AUTONOMY

Claims of autonomy for engineers are, thus, justified with reference to the necessity of autonomy for engineers to properly carry out tasks assigned to them by society, rather than with reference to an essentialist or instrumentalist ideal of autonomy as central to either being human or social func- tioning.

with regard to autonomy, many generally argue that the most important potential conflict would be between professional duties and personal beliefs

A clear difference exists between the role an individual occupies as a citizen and participant in the society and the role an individual occupies as a professional. 























