### C6

1. case

2. Describe the role of and justification for the importance of ethics in business
   contexts and how these would be different from engineering ethics in
   general:

   Ethical in business are needed to make sure that institutions can function normally.

   Business actions have ethical import because they have serious consequences in all other aspect of life and Physically harming a competitor to eliminate competition is just as wrong in business as physically harming a rival for interest.

   This difference is based on the fact that expertise is typically not required to engage in business

3. With regard to business environments, list and explain the justifications
   for the six principles of ethics for organizations and the six principles of
   ethics for employees:

   list: see Appendix-I

   Justification:

   1. human safety, company should prevent unnecessary harms in business context.
   2. Justice is an important principle in business
   3. In any particular society, laws and regulations establish a framework for business
      conduct.
   4. This principle is grounded on the more general ethical claim to respect persons,
      which includes being treated fairly and with respect.
   5. Managers fail to fulfill their financial responsibilities to investors if they allow personal feelings to interfere with their decisions concerning employees.
   6. If promises are not kept, then people cannot reach lasting agreements

   1. Should follow proper directives as described in working contract.
   2. in entering employment contracts, employees make promises
      to employers to perform certain jobs.
   3. Knowledge can be a form of property in business context.
   4. In working for corporations, employees should benefit those organizations or there would be no reason for corporations to employ them.
   5. Workable human relationships require honesty.
   6. Those in positions of corporate
      authority have the additional duty to ensure that the ethical responsibilities of
      corporations are promulgated and enforced within corporate environments.

4. Explain how engineering functions within the context of business
   environments, noting points of convergence and divergence in business and
   engineering ethics, as well as potential conflicts between the two:

   As corporate employees, engineers hold different positions within organizational
   structures. Engineers should be prepared to have their decisions challenged and should learn how to anticipate and appropriately evaluate costs and benefits

   Convergence and Divergence:

   First, since neither set of principles are applied independently of specific
   sets of circumstances and particular contexts—including those of culture and
   society—neither set of principles should be considered independently from the
   contexts in which they are applied.

   Next, although business and engineering ethics share common concerns—
   such as honesty and legality—to a significant extent, they deal with different
   domains and associated issues.

   Finally, different forms of applied ethics relate to each other. Engineering shares this fundamental feature with business.

   Conflict: 

   In considering potential conflicts, the most important point to keep in mind is that the bases for making decisions in these two domains are different: decisions in business are based primarily on profits, whereas decisions in engineering are based primarily on the implementation of technologies.

5. Describe the importance of ethical engineering to business:

   Ethical in business are needed to make sure that institutions can function normally



### C7

1. case

2. Describe why it is important for engineers to be aware of cultural values
   when working in international and cross-cultural environments:

   A difference exists between establishing a theoretical framework for engineering ethics and the real-life practice of engineering. With regard to the latter, it is important to recognize that local cultures can have significant impacts on engineering practices—especially in the context of business—and engineers should respect local customs and traditions.

3. Explain “normative ethical relativism” and why is it an unsatisfactory position
   for an approach to engineering ethics in global contexts.

   Explain:  It begins with the factual thesis that different individuals and groups subscribe
   to different ethical positions—a relatively uncontroversial claim—but makes the further assertion that individuals and groups are justified in subscribing to the beliefs they do.

   Why unsatisfactory: within this tradition, the only justification
   needed for adopting a particular ethical position is the fact that individuals or
   groups adopt it. However, Individuals or groups might adopt particular ethical positions
   for good, bad, or no reasons at all. So it's nonarbitrary here.

4. show an understanding of the nature and importance of the distinction
   between moral and nonmoral cultural values, as well as why this distinction
   should be important to engineers:

   Judgments based on nonmoral values are not generally considered either right
   or wrong. In moral judgments, by contrast, claims are made regarding the rightness
   and wrongness of decisions and actions.

   This is important because without it then all value judgments—both moral and
   nonmoral—are understood as having equal claims on the individual.



### C8

1. case

2. Describe the notion of autonomy in general and its relation to conceptions of
   being human and politics specifically:

   “Autonomy” is closely related to individuality and refers to self-determination and independence from coercion, both internal and external, making decisions for oneself.

   Autonomy as central to either being human or political activities.

3. In contradistinction to these other understandings of autonomy, explain the
   role that professional autonomy plays in engineering ethics:

   Autonomy for engineers should be justified in terms of their reasons for existing within society. Autonomy for engineers are justified with reference to the necessity of autonomy for engineers to properly carry out tasks assigned to them







